[Speed] Mobile redirect deprecation (#12518)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/speed/optimization/other/mobile-redirect.md

weight: 4
---

{{<heading-pill style="deprecated">}} Mobile Redirect {{</heading-pill>}}

{{<Aside type="warning" header="Deprecation notice">}}

> Mobile Redirect will be deprecated on 2024-06-30. Instead you should use [Single Redirects](/rules/url-forwarding/single-redirects/). Refer to [Perform mobile redirects](/rules/url-forwarding/single-redirects/examples/#perform-mobile-redirects) to migrate Mobile Redirect to Redirect Rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile Redirect is deprecated and will be removed on 2024-06-30. You should configure [Single Redirects](/rules/url-forwarding/single-redirects/) instead of using Mobile Redirect. Refer to [Perform mobile redirects](/rules/url-forwarding/single-redirects/examples/#perform-mobile-redirects) for examples of performing mobile redirects with Single Redirects.
```
